6 years ago I invaded my employees homes
and roasted the worst gaming PCs that I
could find well guess what we're doing
it again but this time Nvidia sponsored
the video so we could not only upgrade
the Winner's rig but their entire
flipping setup but there can only be one
so I'm going in I'm taking notes I'll be
deciding what I think they need and the
best part they'll never even know that I
would is
here first up we've got Mr Robert Oaks
editor extraordinaire and big
liar because this laptop looks perfectly
good for both gaming and video editing
uh I use it mostly for gaming haven't
gotten too much editing in on it yet
outside a little Photoshop that was not
the point ah here's your problem right
here uh pre-built yep I thought you work
at Linus Tech tips I bought it back in
2017 it's almost 7 years old now so this
is back in high school for me oh my God
I feel so old the real problem honestly
speaking though is not the tower a desk
seems solid enough
but
really regardless of whether the upgrade
goes to someone more competitive or if
it goes to a sightseer like Robert the
first thing they're going to want to do
is turn on gsync your display does
support it and actually you have an
Nvidia GPU you can turn it on to
eliminate tearing
it's just that you don't really have
enough FPS this is a little confusing
though you have a much better monitor
that by the way I recognize from our
warehouse that's not set up did you
stage this to try to win a move was in
pending so I just never set it up and
now it's here so you would be powering
this off of a GTX 1050 the mismatch
between this Monitor and your system
actually highlights one of the reasons
Nvidia insisted that these upgrades
should be the full setup because even if
you have have a technological advantage
like near instant pixel response times
or high refresh rate like on this
gigantic OLED monitor if you can't also
take advantage of other Technologies
like a fast GPU with Nvidia reflex to
reduce system latency well the next time
you go down and rank you might not know
was it my GPU or was it me it's probably
me oh well next up we've got Oni Tam
senior content writer for labs of
delightful couch and wow look at this
couch gaming setup and
are you kidding me it's a bit far I
don't even know where to begin with this
okay first thing y awesome setup I love
the case that you have on this you've
got the dock and everything external SSD
and that straight up USB to SATA just
old school style adapter I am loving
this oh wow
uh it was the cheapest one at Costco yes
it was only just moved here for this job
so that would explain a fair bit
of emptiness one of nvidia's big
emphasis points for this setup upgrade
is RTX video HDR and I got to say Nvidia
if we choose this one it's going to cost
you cuz uh while it's a really cool
technology that takes your SDR content
and converts it to hdr on the
Fly you're going to need an HDR
display is this HDR I'm
kidding we're next location is a Vibe I
guess this explains who it is I see this
is your setup this is not my setup this
is my boyfriend's setup I see you can
tell by the uh the yamaka the yamaka
there's probably another yamaka and the
bedtime routine and a bedtime routine
and another bedtime routine this is the
same bedtime routine it is the same
bedtime routine his diary this also has
a bedtime routine in it that is one of
my setups I actually have two uh you'll
notice that there is nothing there this
is where I sit uh when my boyfriend's
lonely uh you'll note that we have uh
three different office chairs in here
but I use this because the cats like the
office chairs I can see
that this is my
setup
um your battery is uh running low is it
well that's cuz I forgot to plug it in I
used to have a worse setup really cuz I
used to have a much smaller
closet but it was the only place in the
house where I could uh where I could pad
everything for
podcasting I like that you've got the
whole heat and noise isolation from the
room that you're working in Vibe yeah
yeah that's
professional professional braid setup um
oh and if I want some privacy I use that
little curtain rod and I put this
blanket on it you have a wonderful
selection of headphones most of which
are in one piece that one's the highest
spec one it's very dead um here we have
a boyfriend's morning routine
yeah I that's good make bed um
apparently that one's optional this is
something it is yeah um technically it's
foam yeah it's not the right kind of
foam for acoustic treatment though I
know okay this mouse is also
experiencing a distended cable um I
think they call that a hernia in humans
and this may be the DI monitor that I
have seen in 15 years is that on purpose
like is it turned way down it might be I
am very light sensitive NOP it's all the
way up okay you do yoga uh I don't uh
this is uh this is a board I got from
the hardware store but this is a yoga
mat that is a yoga mat um but underneath
it is a board yeah it wasn't what I was
asking the yoga mat was acquired from
Value Village the board blue Gage fancy
the board was not why I asked if you do
yoga people don't do yoga on a board I I
wouldn't know I don't do yoga I think I
need to go
now wow that was an experience current
effort level is a zero how bad is their
stuff I don't even know I didn't want to
touch it it was very difficult for us to
determine a winner you guys uh Robert
you showed us some things that you're
grandmother left you I mean these
speakers may have belonged to your great
grandmother the point is very tasteful
desk um he uses it to hold his computer
and store his grandmother's
ashes on you had the most minimalist of
minimalistic setups including the most
minimal screen size I think I've ever
seen your upgrade would probably involve
binoculars got the webcam so that uh
people might be able to see you from way
back here as for you Jessica we dubbed
your setup the H um you got zero points
for your current level of effort you
even made calling Papa John's Easy by
having their Flyers all over the place
those aren't mine in some ways even more
minimalistic than on setup there is a
desk yep I I don't just game like on a
patch of floor no you've got a
chair uh which is good while the effort
level was the lowest that we saw I think
your need could best be described as
dire and you maxed out your X Factor
score this is where Jess podcasts I
think we can all agree that Jessica's
need is the most um so as part of yours
and On's consolation prizes uh you don't
live at Jessica's
house and you will each be taking home a
407d super wa wow holy smok thank you
for participating and letting us judge
you uh you think I want I want to live
at my house is that the prize do I get
to live some somewhere else now
no but the prize is that we are going to
give you an overhaul however there's a
catch it's dealer's choice you can give
us a rough idea of what you're trying to
do which you already have and after that
it's completely up to my team of experts
we've got the walking Hazard the silent
Enigma and Justin who's just in the team
okay you guys ready we have 1 hour
before lonus gets here okay that's
it
go can we put the new panels over top of
those yes or
no yes yeah do it put them over
top all right pull bring it over fits it
perfectly like a glove yeah so this is
their 27 in 360 HZ monitor it's cutie
OLED as well these things are freaking
awesome Dell Alienware has been killing
it in the monitor game and wait which
way is oh this way there we go nice all
right you ready to boot
up woo oh tasteful yeah here we go here
we go look we upgraded your shoes oo
airflow as you know you need two setups
uh one of which you had already in the
podcasting closet and one of which you
had a desk for and that's about as far
as you got well Jessica here it is your
desk but now with a gaming
rig an actual computer tower an actual
computer tower and and I personally
removed what appeared to be milk from
the desk oh no there's no milk on the
desk anymore Oh I thought you meant in
no no no oh my gosh okay so why don't we
for starter okay so where do where's my
second one of these so can stack them on
top of each
other you know what I will be right back
I have a solution to
that it's off the floor now it'll suck
in so much less cat
hair that actually is a consideration
that we should have considered what I
would like you to do is just move the
mouse
okay do you notice anything well there
is a uh there is uh a pad underneath it
rather than uh unforgiving
hardwood yes do you notice anything
else uh it is
Wireless yes do you notice anything else
you know about maybe just the experience
uh it is bright enough to see
everything without squinting okay or
being in a completely dark room it has
extremely low
sensitivity okay leave the mouse alone
for a second do you notice anything
about the
experience it's
better I have
autism Jessica and this is something
we've observed many times and we've
always thought is a little weird I've
never actually asked you about it though
Jessica usually games on her work
computer uh using remote access so after
wow Luke and I would frequently come
across oh I don't know
Dave the diver or other various games
it's not that we were trying to Snoop on
you it's just that we go up there to
play Super checks that makes sense and
your computer would often be on playing
games and we're sitting here going it's
Dave the [__] diver she doesn't have
a computer at home that can run this so
my point is anyway
Jessica please grab that window for the
love of God grab that window and move it
around and tell me you can't tell that
you're at 360 Hertz I've never looked at
a screen with 360 okay let's open a game
let's just open a game okay we'll open a
game then let's go with Alan WG to why
don't we talk about the setup okay she's
got an aw 2725 DF cue OLED gaming
monitor this thing freaking rocks I
can't not click on heads with it I
absolutely love it it's 1440p 360 HZ
Lightning Fast pixel response times it's
literally one of if not the best gaming
monitors on the market and to go with it
we've got a whole new machine 13600 k a
susb 760 plus motherboard 850 W titanium
power supply and to drive all those
pixels add up to 360 frames per second
Nvidia sent over an RTX 480
super so this thing is going to
absolutely Crush any game you throw at
it oh that's a slow run I don't think
that's the monitor's fault that is a
slow run I can run faster than that and
I have
asthma it's HDR
yeah looks very nice I'm very happy I
don't know if that's
obvious thank you for telling us
explicitly we actually do appreciate
that I am experiencing very positive
emotions this he that is what you get
walking j walking in New York just get
punched by Shadow Demons the best part
guys is that we don't have to be limited
to just games that support HDR to get
these dazzling lights and this level of
cool uhhuh see that that's good you're
doing good now you'll be hosting Tech
tips in no time yeah let's play an older
game and show you guys how RTX HDR
conversion Works did you ever play the
Batman games I did originally on uh on
Console I did okay well let's fix that
woo so the big thing we're seeing here
is that this is a game that was never
remastered in HDR and yet man look at
the lights of Gotham City
yeah that lightning flash though that
timing couldn't have been any better
look thugs go get them those those could
be just nice young men they're they're
destroying a car this guy's
not did he just take off in the air I
don't know how are you liking the setup
it's really cool we got you a new
keyboard yes new mouse basically
everything just this desk seemed
extremely sturdy yes and we felt that it
was fine all right there's
more check this out table management
wires I know well no not just the the
wires are new they are yes the
management of them is also new but the
wires themselves are new check this out
where do they go let's play Follow the
cables by the way you might have noticed
we're using our new magnetic Cable
Management arches of store.com here it
is your laptop stack
oh oh wow you seem surprisingly
unconcerned by
that okay well anyway you're not going
to be using them anymore that was my
point and you won't be using these
anymore either you'll be using none of
that goodbye
taada have a seat a closet the closet is
not what's
new what's new is the proper acoustic
panels which go ahead lean in and
talk
ah uh also we had pretty limited space
to work with in here which got us
thinking what if there was a creative
monitor that could give you way more
screen real estate but was an
unconventional shape yeah so we chose
the LG dual up it's a taller than normal
monitor that gives you not only way more
space but as you noticed before way more
brightness as well and what's really
cool about this is that we're using a
fiber optic display port cable to run
the mon Monitor and then we're using an
active USB cable to get your peripherals
over here so this is the same computer
yes which means that if you wanted you
could podcast on your I don't have to
drag the whole Tower over here
yeah you just drag yourself over here
and you're good to go we've got your
audio interface uh we've got a usb3 hub
so you can run other devices if you need
to and you could even game in here if if
I really wanted to feel like Batman you
probably also couldn't help noticing
that we managed to put a mouse pad in
here Justin custom cut this to be
exactly the size of your board how do
the headphones
feel well they don't make my head hurt
okay which is good they're very light
yes and they're very soft these are the
dt770 pros from be dynamic they are
amazing uh they're one of my personal
favorites and the it's all about the
comfort and here if you pop them off for
a second the noise I ation so they've
got this nice I don't know what the hell
to call this fabric
chinchilla chinchilla fur yes Chiller
ear cup and then they are a closed back
headphone but they still sound really
good even though closed back is not
generally my preference I cannot get
over what a difference in image quality
this new monitor is and again shout out
infinite cables that active display port
cable I use those same ones at my house
and they are flipping amazing and the
best part is that you know how top fans
tend to be kind of whiny right if you're
ever recording a podcast or anything in
here computer's in a completely separate
room now well this was an absolute blast
thank you Jessica for hosting us and I
hope you enjoy your upgrade it is
significant
yes and thanks again to Nvidia for
sponsoring this video they are also
doing another giveaway not to Jessica
this time I'm very sorry um and green
screen Linus is going to tell you guys
how to enter want an RTX 480 super do
you want it for free well all you have
to do is click the link in the
description or head on over to our
Twitter page for a chance to win a 480
super Founders Edition courtesy of
Nvidia with Technologies like dlss 3 and
frame generation just like our three
winners today you can reach those High
frame rates and demanding games like
Allan Wake but remember there can be
only one winner if you guys enjoyed this
video we always love handing out
upgrades and it's even better when I
don't have to do any other work hey you
guys did great thanks G